[doc][ybm] Changelog: RF5 global database support (#32858)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/stable/develop/build-global-apps/global-database.md

    set_preferred_zones aws.us-east-2.us-east-2a:1 aws.us-central-1.us-central-1a:2 aws.us-west-1.us-west-1a:3
```

> The leaders are placed in `us-east`. (Note that currently in YugabyteDB Aeon you can only set a single preferred region.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The leaders are placed in `us-east`. (Note that in YugabyteDB Aeon you can only set a single preferred region, which is the recommended approach for RF5 configurations.)
```
